You can do anything you set your mind to when you have vision, determination, and an endless supply of expendable labor.
Not all pain is gain.
The best leaders inspire by example. When that's not an option, brute intimidation works pretty well, too.
The secret to success is knowing who to blame for your failures.
There are no stupid questions, but there are a LOT of inquisitive idiots.
Let's agree to respect each others views, no matter how wrong yours may be...
When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
When birds fly in the right formation, they need only exert half the effort. Even in nature, teamwork results in collective laziness.
A company that will go to the ends of the Earth for its people will find it can hire them for about 10% of the cost of Americans.
Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups.
It takes 43 muscles to frown and 17 to smile, but it doesn't take any to just sit there with a dumb look on your face.
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everybody else.
If you find yourself struggling with loneliness, you're not alone.
Pressure: it can turn a lump of coal into a flawless diamond, or an average person into a perfect basketcase.
Hard work often pays off after time, but laziness always pays off now.
Quitters never win, winners never quit, but those who never win AND never quit are idiots.
Just because you've always done it that way doesn't mean it's not incredibly stupid.
When you wish upon a falling star, your dreams can come true. Unless it's really a meteorite hurtling to the Earth which will destroy all life. Then you're pretty much screwed no matter what you wish for. Unless it's death by meteor.
Where do you find dog with no legs?  Right where you left him!
How to annoy a pizza person: Tell the order taker a rival pizza place is on the other line and you're going with the lowest bidder.
How to annoy a pizza person: When they ask for your phone number, give them theirs and see if they notice.
How to annoy a pizza person: Do not name the toppings you want. Rather, spell them out.
How to annoy a pizza person: Put an extra edge in your voice when you say "crazy bread."
How to annoy a pizza person: Change your accent every three seconds.
How to annoy a pizza person: Ask if you get to keep the pizza box. When they say yes, heave a sigh of relief.
How to annoy a pizza person: Move the mouthpiece farther and farther from your lips as you speak. When the call ends, jerk the mouthpiece back into place and scream goodbye at the top of your lungs.
How to annoy a pizza person: Say hello, act stunned for five seconds, then behave as if they called you.
How to annoy a pizza person: Tell them to double-check to make sure your pizza is, in fact, dead.
How to annoy a pizza person: Order 52 pepperoni slices prepared in a fractal pattern as follows from an equation you are about to dictate. Ask if they need paper.
How to annoy a pizza person: Put the accent on the last syllable of "pepperoni." Use the long "i" sound.
How to annoy a pizza person: If they repeat the order to make sure they have it right, say "OK. That'll be $10.99; please pull up to the first window."
How to annoy a pizza person: Eliminate verbs from your speech.
How to annoy a pizza person: Ask to see a menu.
How to annoy a pizza person: If using a touch-tone, press random numbers while ordering. Ask person taking the order to stop doing that.
How to annoy a pizza person: Ask what their phone number is. Hang up, call them, and ask again.
How to annoy a pizza person: When listing toppings you want on your pizza, include another pizza.
How to annoy a pizza person: Put them on hold.
How to annoy a pizza person: When the order is repeated, change it slightly. When it is repeated again, change it again. On the third time, say "You just don't get it, do you?"
How to annoy a pizza person: Haggle the price.
How to annoy a pizza person: Dance all around the word "pizza." Avoid saying it at all costs. If he/she says it, say "Please don't mention that word."
How to annoy a pizza person: Have a movie with a good car chase scene playing loudly in the background. Yell "OW!" when a bullet is fired.
How to have fun at WalMart: Wander through the store dressed in all black with a fake walki-talkie humming the mission impossible theme.  When someone asks what you're doing, scream "LOOK OUT!!" and push them behind a shelf.
How to have fun at WalMart: Pass out bananas to random people and snicker loudly after they take one.
How to have fun at WalMart: Walk up to random people and give them giant bear hugs, then scream "I MISSED YA, MAN!!!"
How to have fun at WalMart: Walk up to an employee and murmur, in an official voice, "Code 3 in aisle six" and see what they do.
How to have fun at WalMart: Throw confetti on random people walking into the store.
How to have fun at WalMart: Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations.
How to have fun at WalMart: Set all the alarm clocks to go off at ten minute intervals throughout the day.
How to have fun at WalMart: Challenge other customers to duels with tubes of gift wrap.
How to have fun at WalMart: Leave secret messages on all of the "printer test" papers.
How to have fun at WalMart: Re-dress the mannequins as you see fit.
How to have fun at WalMart: When there are people behind you, walk REALLY SLOW, especially in thin narrow aisles.
How to have fun at WalMart: Tune all the radios to a polka station; then turn them all off and turn the volumes as high as possible.
How to have fun at WalMart: Play with the automatic doors.
How to have fun at WalMart: Walk up to complete strangers and say, "Hi! I haven't seen you in so long!..." etc.  See if they play along to avoid embarrassment.
How to have fun at WalMart: Ask to take a "test drive" with the display bicycle.
How to have fun at WalMart: Follow people through the aisles, always staying about five feet away. Continue to do this until they leave the department.
How to have fun at WalMart: Play soccer with a group of friends, using the entire store as your playing field.
How to have fun at WalMart: As the cashier runs your purchases over the scanner, look mesmerized and say, "Wow. Magic!"
How to have fun at WalMart: Move "Caution: Wet Floor" signs to carpeted areas.
How to have fun at WalMart: Set up a tent in the camping department.
How to have fun at WalMart: Test the fishing rods and see what you can "catch" from the other aisles.
How to have fun at WalMart: TP as much of the store as possible.
How to have fun at WalMart: Randomly throw things over into neighboring aisles.
How to have fun at WalMart: When someone asks if you need help, begin to cry and ask, "Why won't you people just leave me alone?"
How to have fun at WalMart: When 2 or 3 people are walking ahead of you, run between them, yelling, "Red Rover!"
How to have fun at WalMart: Make up nonsense products and ask newly hired employees if there any in stock, i.e., "Do you have any Shnerples here?"
How to have fun at WalMart: Set up a full scale battfield with G.I. Joes vs. the X-Men action figures.  Take up the entire Toys aisle.
How to have fun at WalMart: Nonchalantly "test" the brushes and combs in Cosmetics.
How to have fun at WalMart: While handling guns in the hunting department, suddenly ask the clerk if he knows where the anti-depressants are. Act as spastic as possible.
How to have fun at WalMart: Hold indoor shopping cart races.
How to have fun at WalMart: Set up a "Valet Parking" sign in front of the store.
How to have fun at WalMart: Two words: Marco Polo.
How to have fun at WalMart: "Re-alphabetize" the CD's in Electronics.
How to have fun at WalMart: When someone steps away from their cart to look at something, quickly make off with it without saying a word.
How to have fun at WalMart: Take naps in the patio furniture.
How to have fun at WalMart: Drag a lounge chair on display over to the magazines, relax and if the store has a food court, buy a soft drink; explain that you don't get out much, and ask if they can put a little umbrella in it.
How to have fun at WalMart: Start playing Football; see how many people you can get to join in.
How to have fun at WalMart: Run up to a male employee while squeezing your legs together and yell "I need some tampons!!"
How to have fun at WalMart: Make a trail of orange juice on the ground, leading to the restrooms.
How to have fun at WalMart: Try putting different pairs of women's panties on your head and walk around the store casually.
How to have fun at WalMart: Leave small sacrifices or gifts in the hands of the mannequins.
How to have fun at WalMart: Look right into the security camera, and use it as a mirror while you pick your nose.
How to have fun at WalMart: While no one's watching quickly switch the men's and women's signs on the doors of the rest room.
How to have fun at WalMart: While walking around alone, pretend someone is with you and get into a very serious argument. Example: The person is breaking up with you and you begin crying "How could you do this to me? I thought you loved me! I knew there was another girl, but I thought I had won." Then act as though you are being beaten and fall onto the ground screaming.
How to have fun at WalMart: Go to an empty checkout stand and try to check people out.
How to have fun at WalMart: Go over to the shoe department and try on every pair of shoes, not putting any of them back. Take the paper from the boxes and throw it in various aisles.
How to have fun at WalMart: Place random items in other people's carts when they aren't looking.
How to have fun at WalMart: Get an empty book, and say it's a guest book. Get people to sign.
How to have fun at WalMart: Fill your cart up as much as possible, and then try to use the express lane.
How to have fun at WalMart: Play a game of indoor freeze tag.
How to have fun at WalMart: See how much stuff you can break before you get caught.
How to have fun at WalMart: Grab stickers that say "radioactive" and put them randomly on food items.
How to have fun at WalMart: Loiter. When asked to leave, tell them you live here.
How to annoy anyone: Pay tolls with $100 bills.
How to annoy anyone: When giving directions, leave out a turn or two.
How to annoy anyone: Before exiting the elevator, push all the buttons.
How to annoy anyone: Chew other people's pencils.
How to annoy anyone: Invite lots of people to other people's parties.
How to annoy anyone: Tell little children the truth about Santa Claus.
How to annoy anyone: Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times.
How to annoy anyone: Don't stand during hymns and anthems.
How to annoy anyone: Dance fast to slow music and vice-versa.
How to annoy anyone: Sit in the home bleachers and cheer for the other team.
How to annoy anyone: Shake with your left hand.
How to annoy anyone: Staple papers in the middle of the page.
How to annoy anyone: Specify that your drive-through order is "to go."
How to annoy anyone: Honk and wave to strangers.
How to annoy anyone: Change channels five minutes before the end of every show.
How to annoy anyone: Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their complementary mints by the cash register.
How to annoy anyone: Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole streets.
How to annoy anyone: Pay for your dinner with pennies.
How to annoy anyone: Repeat everything someone says, as a question.
How to annoy anyone: Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.
How to annoy anyone: Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day.
How to annoy a police officer: Ask to see their gun.
How to annoy a police officer: When he's telling you what you did wrong, start repeating him, quietly.
How to annoy a police officer: Say out loud "Hey, you must've been doing about 125 mph to keep up with me! Good job!"
How to annoy a police officer: Refer to them by their first name.
How to annoy a police officer: After every other sentence oink like a pig quietly to yourself but loud enough for him to hear you.
How to annoy your roommate: Twitch a lot when you guys eat dinner.
How to annoy your roommate: Pretend to talk while pretending to be asleep.
How to annoy your roommate: Ask him/her to do you a favor and get you a drink, and when they bring it slowly pour it on the floor.
How to annoy your roommate: Clip your toenails while watching a movie or eating dinner.
How to annoy your roommate: Spend all your money on Transformers. Play with them at night. If your roommate says anything, tell him/her with a straight face, "They're more than meets the eye."
How to annoy your roommate: Ask your roommate if your family can move in "just for a couple of weeks."
How to annoy your roommate: Smile. All the time.
How to annoy your roommate: Burn all your waste paper while eying your roommate suspiciously.
How to annoy your roommate: Hide your underwear and socks in your roommate's closet. Accuse him/her of stealing it.
How to annoy your roommate: Put your mattress underneath your bed. Sleep down under there and pile your dirty clothes on the empty bedframe. If your roommate comments, mutter "Gotta save space," twenty times while twitching violently.
How to annoy your roommate: Shelve all your books with the spines facing the wall. Complain loudly that you can never find the book that you want.
How to annoy your roommate: Always flush the toilet three times.
How to annoy your roommate: Give him/her an allowance.
How to annoy your roommate: Listen to radio static.
How to annoy your drivers ed teacher: Turn the radio on. When the tester goes to turn it off slap his/her hand.
How to annoy your drivers ed teacher: When you stop at a light, start revving the engine while looking back and forth between the person next to you and the light.
How to annoy your drivers ed teacher: Get in the car, look down at the pedals, and say, "Now which one is the gas again?"
How to annoy your drivers ed teacher: Break off your rear-view mirror and then ask the examiner to hold it up.
How to annoy a telemarketer: When they ask "How are you today?" - tell them! "I'm so glad you asked because no one these days seems to care, and I have all these problems; my arthritis is acting up, my eyelashes are sore, my dog just died..."
How to annoy a telemarketer: If they say they're John Doe from XYZ Company, ask them to spell their name. Then ask them to spell the company name. Then ask them where it is located. Continue asking them personal questions or questions about their company for as long as necessary.
How to annoy a telemarketer: Cry out in surprise, "Judy! Is that you? Oh, my gosh! Judy, how have you been?" Hopefully, this will give Judy a few brief moments of pause as she tries to figure out where she could know you from.
How to annoy a telemarketer: If MCI calls trying to get you to sign up for the Family and Friends plan, reply, in as SINISTER a voice as you can, "I don't have any friends... would you be my friend?"
How to annoy a telemarketer: If they want to loan you money, tell them you just filed for bankruptcy and you could sure use some money.
How to annoy a telemarketer: Tell the telemarketer you are busy at the moment and ask them if they will give you their HOME phone number so you can call them back. When the telemarketer explains that they cannot give out their HOME number, you say "I guess you don't want anyone bothering you at home, right?" The telemarketer will agree and you say, "Now you know how I feel!"
How to annoy a telemarketer: Insist that the caller is really your buddy Leon, playing a joke. "Come on Leon, cut it out! Seriously, Leon, how's ya been?"
How to annoy a telemarketer: Tell them to talk V-E-R-Y---V-E-R-Y---S-L-O-W-L-Y, because you want to write down EVERY WORD.
How to annoy a gas station: Buy one cent of gas, then pay for it with the "take-a-penny"
How to annoy your teacher: Do all of your schoolwork and homework backwards so that the teacher has to read it from a mirror to understand it.
How to annoy your teacher: When you give the wrong answer to a question, look at no one and go, "See, I told you that wasn’t the right answer!!"
How to annoy your teacher: Randomly "go blind" for short periods of time.
How to annoy your teacher: Pretend to have Tourettes, and randomly shout out nonsense.
How to annoy your teacher: Purposely leave your homework at your last class, every day.
How to annoy your teacher: Keep raising your hand. Everytime the teacher recognizes you, say "Never mind..."
How to annoy your teacher: Stand up in your seat, then sit back down. Repeat as necessary.
How to annoy your teacher: Buy a universal remote, then turn the T.V. on randomly.
How to annoy your teacher: Everytime they say "who," correct them and say "whom" (even if it's incorrect).
How to annoy your teacher: Insist on speaking and writing in the third person.
How to annoy your teacher: Speak like Yoda.
How to annoy your teacher: Add extra apostrophe's in all your sentence's.
How to annoy your teacher: In every essay, leave a few unfinished senten
How to annoy your teacher: Speak and write only in Pig Latin - claim it is your native language.
How to annoy your teacher: Use Internet Shorthand and smilies in all of your papers.
How to annoy your teacher: Read everything out loud, in a British accent.
How to annoy your teacher: Never don't use double negatives, always.
How to annoy your teacher: Spend the whole lesson trying to lick your elbow.
How to annoy your teacher: Come late to class in a Spider-Man cosume, say there was "a disturbance."
How to annoy your teacher: Write every essay backwards. Bottom to top, right to left.
Why is "abbreviated" such a long word?
Why is "phonetic" not spelled phonetically?
Does the word "dictionary" really need to be in the dictionary?
Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food?
How do the "Keep off the grass" signs get there?
Why do you park in a driveway, and drive in a parkway?
A recent study reports that all living things exposed to oxygen - even if just breifly - have died or will die soon.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
I poured Spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Death is hereditary.
They say hard work never hurts anybody, but why take the chance?
Always borrow money from a pessimist.  They won't expect it back.
"Always" and "never" are two words you should always remember never to use.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
You're slower than a herd of turtles stampeding through peanut butter.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up.
A child's greatest period of growth is the month after you've purchased new school clothes.
Thank you for sending me a copy of your book; I’ll waste no time reading it.
You are now blinking manually ;)
Is "Alcoholics Anonymous" really anonymous when everyone says their name?
You are addicted to RuneScape when: you don't talk to people, because you've been muted by a mod.
You are addicted to RuneScape when: you go to the bank and expect they will let you deposit 100 pictures of lobsters.
You are addicted to RuneScape when: you try to walk through people like in RS, but you can't!
You are addicted to RuneScape when: your goldfish is mysteriously harpooned with a toothpick...
You are addicted to RuneScape when: you go up to a locked door and shout, "Darn members only!"
Why is "right" right and "correct" correct, but "inright" is incorrect?
Why do you go "back and forth" if you really must go forth before you go back?
If you were a genie and a person asked, "I wish you would not grant me this wish," what would you do?
Why is it that it's good to score under par in golf but its bad to be "under par" in any thing else?
What level of importance must a person have before they are considered assassinated instead of just murdered?
Why is it that people say they "slept like a baby" when babies wake up, like, every two hours?
Why isn't evaporated milk a gas?
If Pinocchio said, “My nose is about to grow,” what would happen?
Isn't it interesting how the word "politics" is made up of the words "poli" (meaning "many" in Latin) and "tics" (as in "bloodsucking creatures")?
If pro is the opposite of con, is progress the opposite of congress?
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, who came up with "Quit while you're ahead"?
If the folks at the psychic hotlines were really psychic, wouldn't they call you first?
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: The radio would be computerized, but you'd need to install 64 Meg of RAM, a new sound card, a game card, a new video driver, a CD drive, and type C:\radio\talk\rush*.* to get it to play.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: A particular model year of car wouldn't be available until after that year- instead of before it.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: They wouldn't build their own engines but form a cartel with their engine supplier.
The latest engine would have 16 cylinders, multi-point fuel injection and 4 turbos, but it would be a side-valve design so you could use Model-T Ford parts on it. There would be an "Engium Pro" with bigger turbos, but it would be slower on most existing roads.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: The air bag system would say "Are you sure?" before going off.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: We would all have to switch to Microsoft Gas.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: The oil, alternator, gas and engine warning lights would be replaced by a single 'General Car Fault' warning light.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: Occasionally, your car would die for NO apparent reason and you would have to restart it. Strangely, you would just accept this as normal.
If Microsoft ran the auto industry: People would get excited about the new features of the latest Microsoft cars, forgetting that these same features had been available from other car makers for years.
When drowning, do optimists see their lungs as half full?
