Alabama: It is illegal to maim oneself to escape duty.
Alabama: Dominoes may not be played on Sunday.
Alabama: It is illegal to wear a fake moustache that causes laughter in church.
Alabama: Putting salt on a railroad track may be punishable by death.
Alabama: Boogers may not be flicked into the wind.
Alabama: It is legal to drive the wrong way down a one-way street if you have a lantern attached to the front of your automobile.
Alabama: You may not have an ice cream cone in your back pocket at any time.
Alabama: It is illegal for a driver to be blindfolded while operating a vehicle.
Alaska: Moose may not be viewed from an airplane.
Alaska: While it is legal to shoot bears, waking a sleeping bear for the purpose of taking a photograph is prohibited.
Alaska: It is considered an offense to push a live moose out of a moving airplane.
Arizona: Hunting camels is prohibited.
Arizona: Any misdemeanor committed while wearing a red mask is considered a felony.
Arizona: There is a possible 25 years in prison for cutting down a cactus.
Arizona: Donkeys cannot sleep in bathtubs.
Arizona: When being attacked by a criminal or burglar, you may only protect yourself with the same weapon that the other person posseses.
Arizona: It is unlawful to refuse a person a glass of water.
Arkansas: The Arkansas River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
Arkansas: A law provides that school teachers who bob their hair will not get a raise.
Arkansas: A man can legally beat his wife, but not more than once a month.
Arkansas: Alligators may not be kept in bathtubs.
California: Sunshine is guaranteed to the masses.
California: Animals are banned from mating publicly within 1,500 feet of a tavern, school, or place of worship.
California: Bathhouses are against the law.
California: It is a misdemeanor to shoot at any kind of game from a moving vehicle, unless the target is a whale.
California: No vehicle without a driver may exceed 60 miles per hour.
Colorado: One may not mutilate a rock in a state park.
Colorado: It is illegal to ride a horse while under the influence.
Colorado: Tags MAY be ripped off of pillows and mattresses.
Connecticut: Town records may not be kept where liquor is sold.
Connecticut: You can be stopped by the police for biking over 65 miles per hour.
Connecticut: In order for a pickle to officially be considered a pickle, it must bounce.
Connecticut: It is illegal to dispose of used razor blades.
Delaware: On Halloween, children may only “trick-or-treat” from 6:00 PM to 8:00 PM, and if Halloween falls on a Sunday, they must “trick-or-treat” on October 30 during this same time interval.
Delaware: One may not whisper in church.
Delaware: No person shall pretend to sleep on a bench on the boardwalk.
Florida: The state constitution allows for freedom of speech, a trial by jury, and pregnant pigs to not be confined in cages.
Florida: Corrupting the public morals is defined as a nuisance, and is declared a misdemeanor offense.
Florida: Doors of all public buildings must open outwards.
Florida: It is illegal to sell your children.
Florida: If an elephant is left tied to a parking meter, the parking fee has to be paid just as it would for a vehicle.
Florida: Men may not be seen publicly in any kind of strapless gown.
Florida: You may not fart in a public place after 6 PM
Georgia: It is illegal to use profanity in front of a dead body which lies in a funeral home or in a coroners office.
Georgia: Donkeys may not be kept in bathtubs.
Georgia: Signs are required to be written in English.
Georgia: No one may carry an ice cream cone in their back pocket if it is Sunday.
Hawaii: Billboards are outlawed.
Hawaii: All residents may be fined as a result of not owning a boat.
Hawaii: Coins are not allowed to be placed in one’s ears.
Idaho: It is illegal for a man to give his sweetheart a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.
Idaho: You may not fish on a camel’s back.
Idaho: Riding a merry-go-round on Sundays is considered a crime.
Illinois: You may be arrested for vagrancy if you do not have at least one dollar bill on your person.
Illinois: You must contact the police before entering the city in an automobile.
Illinois: The English language is not to be spoken.
Indiana: Hotel sheets must be exactly 99 inches long and 81 inches wide.
Indiana: If any person has a puppet show, wire dancing or tumbling act in the state of Indiana and receives money for it, they will be fined $3 under the Act to Prevent Certain Immoral Practices.
Indiana: The value of Pi is 3.
Indiana: One may not sniff glue.
Indiana: A person must get a referral from a licensed physician if he or she wishes to see a hypnotist unless the desired procedure is to quit smoking or lose weight.
Indiana: Baths may not be taken between the months of October and March.
Indiana: Liquor stores may not sell milk.
Indiana: You can get out of paying for a dependent’s medical care by praying for him/her.
Indiana: One may not back into a parking spot becasue it prevents police officers from seeing the license plate.
Iowa: A man with a moustache may never kiss a woman in public.
Iowa: One-armed piano players must perform for free.
Iowa: Kisses may last for no more than five minutes.
Iowa: Tanning bed facilities must warn of the risk of getting sunburn.
Iowa: All boxes used to pick hops must be exactly 36 inches long.
Kansas: Rabbits may not be shot from motorboats.
Kansas: Pedestrians crossing the highways at night must wear tail lights.
Kansas: No one may catch fish with his bare hands.
Kansas: The state game rule prohibits the use of mules to hunt ducks.
Kansas: If two trains meet on the same track, neither shall proceed until the other has passed…
Kentucky: One may not dye a duckling blue and offer it for sale unless more than six are for sale at once.
Kentucky: It is illegal to fish with a bow and arrow.
Louisiana: One could possibly land in jail for 20 years upon urinating in the city’s water supply.
Louisiana: Persons could land in jail for up to ten years for stealing an alligator.
Louisiana: It is a $500 fine to instruct a pizza delivery man to deliver a pizza to your friend without them knowing.
Louisiana: It is illegal to rob a bank and then shoot at the bank teller with a water pistol.
Louisiana: It is illegal to gargle in public places.
Louisiana: It is illegal to shoot lasers at police officers.
Louisiana: One may not “dare” another to go onto railroad tracks owned by another.
Louisiana: One could land in jail for up to a year for making a false promise.
Louisiana: Every time a person is seriously burned, he must report the injury to the fire marshal.
Louisiana: Prisoners who hurt themselves could serve an additional two years in jail.
Maine: Shotguns are required to be taken to church in the event of a Native American attack.
Maine: You may not step out of a plane in flight.
Maine: After January 14th you will be charged a fine for having your Christmas decorations still up.
Maryland: Thistles may not grow in one’s yard.
Maryland: It is a violation of city code to sell chicks or ducklings to a minor within 1 week of the Easter holiday.
Maryland: Knocking stones into a public park is prohibited.
Maryland: It is illegal to remove a public building by writing on it.
Maryland: Citizens may not swim in the public fountains within the city limits.
Massachusetts: It is illegal to give beer to hospital patients.
Massachusetts: Candy may not contain more than 1% of alcohol.
Massachusetts: Snoring is prohibited unless all bedroom windows are closed and securely locked.
Massachusetts: An old ordinance declares goatees illegal unless you first pay a special license fee for the privilege of wearing one in public.
Massachusetts: All men must carry a rifle to church on Sunday.
Massachusetts: No gorilla is allowed in the back seat of any car.
Massachusetts: Children may smoke, but they may not purchase cigarettes.
Massachusetts: Tomatoes may not be used in the production of clam chowder.
Massachusetts: Quakers and witches are banned.
Massachusetts: Bullets may not be used as currency.
Michigan: It is illegal to kill a dog using a decompression chamber.
Michigan: The last Sunday in June of every year was named “log cabin day.”
Michigan: There is a 3 cent bounty for each starling and 10 cent bounty for each crow killed in any village, township, or city in the state.
Michigan: It is legal for a robber to file a law suit, if he or she got hurt in your house.
Minnesota: The land of 10,000 lakes declares mosquitos a public nuisance.
Minnesota: It is illegal to stand around any building without a good reason to be there.
Minnesota: A person may not cross state lines with a duck atop his head.
Minnesota: All bathtubs must have feet.
Minnesota: Airplanes may not be landed in city parks.
Mississippi: Private citizens may personally arrest any person that disturbs a church service.
Mississippi: Cattle rustling is punishable by hanging.
Missouri: Single men between the ages of twenty-one and fifty must pay an annual tax of one dollar (enacted 1820).
Missouri: It is NOT illegal to speed.
Montana: One may not pretend to abuse an animal in the presence of a minor.
Montana: It is illegal to have a sheep in the cab of your truck without a chaperone.
Montana: Seven or more Indians are considered a raiding or war party and it is legal to shoot them.
Nebraska: If a child burps during church, his parent may be arrested.
Nebraska: It is Illegal to go whale fishing.
Nebraska: It is illegal for bar owners to sell beer unless they are simultaneously brewing a kettle of soup.
Nevada: It’s still “legal” to hang someone for shooting your dog on your property.
New Hampshire: You may not tap your feet, nod your head, or in any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.
New Hampshire: You cannot sell the clothes you are wearing to pay off a gambling debt.
New Hampshire: It is considered an offense to check into a hotel under an assumed name.
New Hampshire: It is illegal to pick seaweed up off of the beach.
New Hampshire: Any cattle that cross state roads must be fitted with a device to gather its feces.
New Hampshire: On Sundays citizens may not relieve themselves while looking up.
New Jersey: Spray paint may not be sold without a posted sign warning juveniles of the penalty for creating graffiti.
New Jersey: Handcuffs may not be sold to minors.
New Jersey: It is illegal to wear a bullet-proof vest while committing a murder.
New Jersey: You cannot pump your own gas.
New Jersey: It is against the law for a man to knit during the fishing season.
New Jersey: It is against the law to frown at a police officer.
New Jersey: If you have been convicted of driving while intoxicated, you may never again apply for personalized license plates.
New Jersey: You may not slurp your soup.
New Mexico: Idiots may not vote.
New Mexico: State officials ordered 400 words of “sexually explicit material” to be cut from Romeo and Juliet.
New York: Citizens may not greet each other by “putting one’s thumb to the nose and wiggling the fingers.”
New York: It is against the law to throw a ball at someone’s head for fun.
New York: The penalty for jumping off a building is death.
New York: New Yorkers cannot dissolve a marriage for irreconcilable differences, unless they both agree to it.
New York: A person may not walk around on Sundays with an ice cream cone in his/her pocket.
New York: While riding in an elevator, one must talk to no one, and fold his hands while looking toward the door.
North Carolina: No one may be a professional fortune-teller, and if one wishes to pursue the practice as an amateur, it must be practiced in a school or church.
North Carolina: It’s against the law to sing off key.
North Carolina: Elephants may not be used to plow cotton fields.
North Carolina: If a man and a woman who aren’t married go to a hotel/motel and register themselves as married then, according to state law, they are legally married.
North Carolina: Persons in possession of illegal substances must pay taxes on them.
North Carolina: Organizations may not hold their meetings while the members present are in costume.
North Carolina: Bingo games may not last over 5 hours unless it is held at a fair.
North Carolina: Serving alcohol at a bingo game is not allowed.
North Dakota: Beer and pretzels can’t be served at the same time in any bar or restaurant.
North Dakota: It is legal to shoot an Indian on horseback, provided you are in a covered wagon.
Ohio: It is illegal to fish for whales on Sunday.
Ohio: It is illegal to get a fish drunk.
Ohio: Participating or conducting a duel is prohibited.
Ohio: It is illegal to mistreat anything of great importance.
Ohio: No one may be arrested on Sunday or on the Fourth of July.
Oklahoma: One may not promote a “horse tripping event."
Oklahoma: Females are forbidden from doing their own hair without being licensed by the state.
Oklahoma: Dogs must have a permit signed by the mayor in order to congregate in groups of three or more on private property.
Oklahoma: Oklahoma will not tolerate anyone taking a bite out of another’s hamburger.
Oklahoma: It is against the law to read a comic book while operating a motor vehicle.
Oklahoma: It is illegal to have the hind legs of farm animals in your boots.
Oklahoma: People who make “ugly faces” at dogs may be fined and/or jailed.
Oklahoma: Cars must be tethered outside of public buildings.
Oklahoma: It is illegal to wear your boots to bed.
Oklahoma: Fish may not be contained in fishbowls while on a public bus.
Oklahoma: Tissues are not to be found in the back of one’s car.
Oregon: Drivers must yield to pedestrians who are standing on the sidewalk.
Oregon: One may not test their physical endurance while driving a car on a highway.
Oregon: Babies may not be carried on the running boards of a car.
Oregon: Drivers may not pump their own gas.
Oregon: A door on a car may not be left open longer than is necessary.
Oregon: Dishes must drip dry.
Oregon: It is illegal to buy or sell marijuana, but it is legal to smoke it on your own property.
Oregon: Canned corn is not to be used as bait for fishing.
Pennsylvania: It is illegal to sleep on top of a refrigerator outdoors.
Pennsylvania: Any motorist driving along a country road at night must stop every mile and send up a rocket signal, wait 10 minutes for the road to be cleared of livestock, and continue.
Pennsylvania: A special cleaning ordinance bans housewives from hiding dirt and dust under a rug in a dwelling.
Pennsylvania: Fireworks stores may not sell fireworks to Pennsylvania residents.
Pennsylvania: A person is not eligible to become Governor if he/she has participated in a duel.
Pennsylvania: Any motorist who sees a team of horses coming toward him must pull well off the road, cover his car with a blanket or canvas that blends with the countryside, and let the horses pass.
Pennsylvania: Ministers are forbidden from performing marriages when either the bride or groom is drunk.
Pennsylvania: You may not catch a fish by any body part except the mouth.
Pennsylvania: Dynamite is not to be used to catch fish.
Rhode Island: Ropes may not be strung across a highway.
Rhode Island: No one may bite off another’s leg.
Rhode Island: Riding a horse over any public highway for the purpose of racing, or testing the speed of the horse is illegal.
Rhode Island: Any marriage where either of the parties is an idiot or lunatic is null and void.
Rhode Island: It is considered an offense to throw pickle juice on a trolley.
South Carolina: It is illegal to display a confederate flag on a courthouse.
South Carolina: By law, if a man promises to marry an unmarried woman, the marriage must take place.
South Carolina: Railroad companies may be held liable in some instances for scaring horses.
South Carolina: A railroad my not remove itself from a town of more than five hundred people.
South Carolina: Fortune tellers are required to obtain a special permit from the state.
South Carolina: Performing a U-turn within 1,000 feet of an intersection is illegal.
South Carolina: It is considered an offense to get a tattoo.
South Carolina: Horses may not be kept in bathtubs.
South Carolina: A permit must be obtained to fire a missle.
South Carolina: It is perfectly legal to beat your wife on the court house steps on Sundays.
South Carolina: Every adult male must bring a rifle to church on Sunday in order to ward off Indian attacks.
South Carolina: It is a capital offense to inadvertently kill someone while attempting suicide.
South Carolina: A person must be eighteen years old to play a pinball machine.
South Dakota: No horses are allowed into Fountain Inn unless they are wearing pants.
South Dakota: It is illegal to lie down and fall asleep in a cheese factory.
South Dakota: If there are more than 5 Native Americans on your property you may shoot them.
Tennessee: You can’t shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile.
Tennessee: Hollow logs may not be sold.
Tennessee: It is illegal to use a lasso to catch a fish.
Tennessee: “Crimes against nature” are prohibited.
Tennessee: Any person who participates in a duel may not hold any public office in the state.
Tennessee: Stealing a horse is punishible by hanging.
Tennessee: No Christian parent may require their children to pick up trash from the highway on Easter day.
Tennessee: Driving is not to be done while asleep.
Tennessee: The definition of “dumb animal” includes every living creature.
Tennessee: Tattooing a minor is a misdemeanor.
Tennessee: It is illegal to dare a child to purchase a beer.
Tennessee: Skunks may not be carried into the state.
Texas: One must acknowledge a supreme being before being able to hold public office.
Texas: It is illegal to sell one's eye.
Texas: When two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other has gone...
Texas: It is illegal to take more than three sips of beer at a time while standing.
Texas: It is illegal for one to shoot a buffalo from the second story of a hotel.
Texas: It is illegal to milk another person’s cow.
Texas: A recently passed anticrime law requires criminals to give their victims 24 hours notice, either orally or in writing, and to explain the nature of the crime to be committed.
Texas: The entire Encyclopedia Britannica is banned in Texas because it contains a formula for making beer at home.
Utah: It is against the law to fish from horseback.
Utah: It is illegal NOT to drink milk.
Utah: Birds have the right of way on all highways.
Utah: It is a felony to persistently tread on the cracks between paving stones on the sidewalk of a state highway.
Utah: It’s legal for restaurants to serve wine with meals, but only if you ask for the wine list.
Utah: It is considered an offense to hunt whales.
Utah: It is illegal to cause a catastrophe.
Vermont: It is illegal to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole.
Vermont: It is illegal to deny the existence of God.
Virginia: There is a state law prohibiting “corrupt practices of bribery by any person other than candidates."
Virginia: Police radar detectors are illegal.
Virginia: Children are not to go trick-or-treating on Halloween.
Virginia: No animal may be hunted for on Sunday with the exception of raccoons, which may be hunted until 2:00 AM.
Washington: It is illegal to attach a vending machine to a utility pole without prior consent from the utility company.
Washington: No person may walk about in public if he or she has the common cold.
Washington: X-rays may not be used to fit shoes.
Washington: All lollipops are banned.
Washington: A law to reduce crime states: “It is mandatory for a motorist with criminal intentions to stop at the city limits and telephone the chief of police as he is entering the town.
Washington: It is illegal to paint polka dots on the American flag.
Washington: All motor vehicles must be preceded by a man carrying a red flag (daytime) or a red lantern (nighttime) fifty feet in front of said vehicle.
Washington: It is illegal to pretend that one’s parents are rich.
Washington: When two trains come to a crossing, neither shall go until the other has passed.
West Virginia: When a railroad passes within 1 mile of a community of 100 or more people in it, they must build a station and stop there regularly to pick up and drop off passengers.
West Virginia: A person may be placed in jail for up to six months for making fun of someone who does not accept a challenge.
West Virginia: A person may not hold public office if he or she has ever participated in a duel.
West Virginia: For each act of public swearing a person shall be fined one dollar.
West Virginia: Road kill may be taken home for supper.
West Virginia: Whistling underwater is prohibited.
Wisconsin: Butter substitutes are not allowed to be served in state prisons.
Wisconsin: Whenever two trains meet at an intersection of said tracks, neither shall proceed until the other has…
Wisconsin: As people used to smuggle it in from Illinois, all yellow butter substitute is banned.
Wisconsin: It is illegal to serve apple pie in public restaurants without cheese.
Wisconsin: While all cheese making requires a license, Limburger cheese making requires a master cheese maker’s license.
Wisconsin: Margarine may not be substituted for butter in restaurants unless it is requested by the customer.
Wisconsin: It is a class A misdemeanor to wave a burning torch around in the air.
Wyoming: All new buildings that cost over $100,000 to build must have %1 of funds spent on art work for the building.
Wyoming: Junk dealers may not make any business transactions with drunk persons.
Wyoming: Using a firearm to fish is strictly forbidden.
Wyoming: Any person who fails to close a fence is subject to a fine of up to seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Wyoming: You may not take a picture of a rabbit from January to April without an official permit.
Wyoming: Skiing under the influence of alcohol is prohibited.